1: How do you search your man-pages for a given keyword?
	

2: Suppose you need to type the command "basename". Which charecters do you need to type in you system before command-line complete can complete your typing?
	The first three letters of the command, "bas". But this will probably
	overlap with something else

3: In many systems command-line completion can also complete long options to many POSIX utilities. Does your shell completes long options? Suppose you need to type the command mkdir --parents. Which characters do you need to actually type when using command-line completion?
	In fish, i need to type "mkd" press forward, and then "--p" and press
	forward.

4: How do you greate a subfolder?
	I write "mkdir test/hello -p". 
	test/hello is the two folders
	-p makes the required parent folder automatically

5: Which option instructs the rm command to ask the user for comfirmation before every removal? Hint: man mkdir | grep "prompt before"
	According to the manual, the -i option prompts before.

6: Whuch option instructs the rm command to remove a folder with all subfolders? hint: man mkdir | grep -B1 "remove directories"
	The -r option
	For example, rm test/ does not remove test and test/hello because test/
	has contents, but rm test/ -r removes both test/hello.

7: 	Which unix commands lists the files in a directory in one column sorted by the time with the newest last?
	The command to use is ls with options
	-1 gives one column
	-t sort by time
	-r reverse order
	So all in all: "ls -1tr"

8:	What do the symbols ., .. and ~ mean in the context of unix file utilities
	.	The current working directory	
	..	One layer up. cd .. goes up one folder
	~	Home. cd ~ goes to home folder, cd ~/test goes to home/test
	
9: 	Where does the command cd without any arguments lead you?
	To the home directory. 

10:	What is your home directory. Name also alternative notations
	The home directory is here: root/home/simon
	There is a home for each user on the system
	Alternatives are ~, $HOME. 


