PragProg U1F2

Intro information:
	Grayed out stuff on the weekly notice page is not finalized yet. 
	But from today it will probably not change much...
	

Operator overloading:
	For example defining a class of complex numbers, we would like to
	multiply them by a*b. That means overloading the * operator which
	Java dons't allow. Thats why we dislike java

We start making a C-shap program:
	In CS everything must be inside a class, but the class can be
	just a container, f.eks. for static class
	We refer to things in classes as: classname.thing
	In that sense there is no global scope.
	Classes are put in namespaces. In two different namespaces you can
	have to classes with the same name.
	At least one class must have a method called "main"
	If you have several, you have to specify which one to use for the
	compiler 
	See notes in the program Main.cs in "w1/hello2"
	This program must be compiled, as CS source code must be compiled
	to abstract machine code before it can be run.
		This is smart because this bytecode is not dependent on the 
		architecture of the target machine, just the runtime environment
		needs to be ported.
		Mono can compile the bytecode to real machine code, called
		"ahead of time compilation", but we won't use this feature.
		The CS bytecode is called CIL "Common intermidiate laguage"
	Not everything should be compiled to a executable, something should
	rather be a library. It's like an executable without an entry point,
	the main function. All the methods are availible, and can be used by
	other programs.
		A library file is made with the option -target:library
		ex: mcs -target:library main.cs
	This is smart for big projects, because then you only need to
	recompile the library when something has changed in the library,
	and don't need to recompile the whole project.

MAKE:
	Mangagement for project where you work with files.
	Only updates the nessecary files for a project.
	This is specified for each project by a Makefile. capital M makes
	sure thats its on top in ls

	For out projects we might want to see the output imidatly
	For this, we add a new phony target "all" 
	all:out.txt makes sure that out.txt will be made
	the recipy cat out.txt prints out.txt to the console.

Linking:
	Make a project of more files.

	We want to put the world class in a seperate dll library
	This can be put into the compilation by using the -reference: flag	
	-reference:world.dll
	The library has to be compiled with the option -target:library
	
	To make this work i need to: Fix the errors in the main.cs file
	I tried editing one in the wrong folder.	


Math: 
	CS is statically typed, and each variable can only hold values of a
	certain time. 
	Complex numbers:
		Dimitri has made a complex class we can use
		Its a struct instead of class, which makes it faster.
		This library can be gotten from his website
		How to complie in makefile
		
		# how to make cmath.dll:
		cmath.dll: ../../lib/complex.complex.cs ../../lib/complex.cmath.cs
			# $^ flag takes every ingredient. Don't know what $@ means
			mcs $^ -target library -out:$@
			# compiler puts the files in the wrong library, so move them	
			cp ../.../lib/complex/cmath.dll
	 
		After making the library we still need to include it by using
		using static cmath; in the top of our main.cs file.

Value type and reference type:
	Dimitri makes a new main file to demonstrate:
	He makes a static class sprint, and a regular class writer
	var x = new sprint()  // Doesnøt work because static
	var y = new writer()  // works fine. var is syntaxtic sugar so we don't
							need to specify the right type, it will be 
							inferred
	Then we can use y.s to overwrite the value of the string in the 
	specific writer object.
	
	var x = y  // classes are passed by reference, so if we chage y later,
				  we are also changing x 
	
Structs
	Where is the difference to classes?
	structs are just classes with some restrictions:
		No default values for field variables
		(probably more)
	Also, structs are passed by value, not by reference
	So if we have a struct variable x
	And say: var y = x
	Then y is a new copy of the class x.
	
	Structs are in the stack, objects are in the heap
	


	
